\ProvidesFile{other.tex}[2025/09/03 v3.0 -- Course policy]

\section{Other Course Policy}
\label{policy}

Late work will not be accepted, except in genuinely extenuating
circumstances. Students must submit something before the deadline if
they wish to receive credit. Unless I state otherwise, assignments are
to be uploaded by 11:59 \PM\ (Atlantic) on the date indicated.

Essay submissions must be typewritten and double-spaced. They should be
free from error. In this course they should follow SBL Style (see
\cite{sbl2} in \autoref{supplementary}, above). As a reminder, AST
upholds an Inclusive Language Policy. Please use gender-inclusive
language when referring to human beings. Our traditions have different
norms for speech about God; you are of course free to follow and explore
those traditions when referring to God.


Plagiarism is the
\href{http://www.eerdmans.com/Pages/Item/59043/Commentary-Statement.aspx}{failure}
to \href{https://www.theguardian.com/world/2013/feb/09/german-education-minister-quits-phd-plagiarism}{attribute}
(by means of footnotes when writing or aloud when speaking) any ideas,
phrases, sentences, materials, syntheses, et cetera, that another author
has composed and that you have borrowed for your own work. Plagiarism is
unethical. Academic penalties for plagiarism at AST are serious, and may
include failure of the course or even suspension of further studies.
Unintentional plagiarism is considered plagiarism. Unacknowledged use of
content generated by computers is considered plagiarism. AST's
Plagiarism Policy is found under that heading in the Academic Calendar.

Generative artificial intelligence (GenAI) refers to a set of tools
(such as ChatGPT, Claude, Copilot, DeepSeek, Gemini, Grok, Otter,
Perplexity, and others) that can produce diverse kinds of new media. In
this course it is permissable, though perhaps not beneficial, to use
GenAI as an aid to study and learning. However, GenAI should not be used
to complete course assignments, including by summarizing readings,
responding to discussion prompts, or drafting or revising prose. Any use
of GenAI in an assignment must be clearly acknowledged up front, with
adequate detail about the use case. Err on the side of transparency.
Such attribution is a matter of academic and personal integrity. All
assignments submitted in this class must be your own original work.

Students should request permission to record a class or lecture. If
permission is granted, or if recordings are provided (as in the case of
an online or hybrid course), I stipulate that all recordings be for
personal use only. They may not be shared or distributed.

If you have needs that require modifications to any aspect of this
course, please consult with the instructor as soon as possible. Any
documentation regarding disabilities that you wish to divulge to AST
should be provided to the Registrarâ€™s Office, where it will be kept in a
confidential file.

Finally, I encourage the conscientious use of laptops, tablets, and
other technology in my classes. In classroom settings, realize that, as
\href{http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.compedu.2012.10.003}{cognitive
psychologists have demonstrated}, ``laptop multitasking hinders
classroom learning for both users and nearby peers.'' Do your part to
foster an environment for dialogue by honouring the presence of your
classmates. In online and hybrid settings, consider both the physical
environment in which you choose to work and the virtual environment that
you help create through your participation in various forums. Let your
engagement in this course be marked by rigour and charity alike.
